hello world how are you
I'm assmann and in this video I'm going to
talk about honey because it's that
honey is so good for
our skin that is what honey does
from bee to our face that is the
main ingredient for many
beauty treatments even in
many masks made at home that I
I have shown you here in my videos we have
used as the main ingredient the
honey because bee honey is
a shelf if you have a dry skin
dehydrated you know what to turn to
Bee honey is an antioxidant helps
keep the skin smooth and with a freshness
enviable honey is
antiseptic prevents development the
development of antibacterial infections
helps eliminate impurities from the
skin that's why if you have pimples
you have acne this is a good remedy
natural and very simple to apply and
easy to get if you have a big or
a pimple out there I grab a little
honey bee
your face and it leaves you you put honey of
bee and all night in the morning
next you're going to look at some improvement
I'm not telling you that it's going to work
overnight is not progressive but
works very well besides remember is
antiseptic and antibacterial terrific
for those people who suffer from acne
we have to put a little honey
bee on that granite equalize their networks
of dry skin you want to give more tenderness to
your skin apply bee honey so
If they want to have radiant skin,
hesitate to integrate a little honey
bee in her beauty routine
I am yasmani of real doubts comments
suggestions everything is welcome
subscribe to the channel I'm in
facebook.com hello yasmani on twitter.com
diagonal hello yasmani the boyfriend in the
want you to be be default ciao